Add EMR Connectivity Doc (#36)
wso2/open-healthcare-docs: en/docs/emr-connectivity/guides/emr-connector.md

## Overview

> The FHIR Client Connector is a versatile tool designed to streamline integration with healthcare systems that adhere to the FHIR standard. Whether you're using Ballerina or a Micro Integrator, this connector provides a unified interface to interact with FHIR-compliant APIs, making it easier to build and manage healthcare applications.

Reviewer: This sentence seems to be vague and unclear, fhir client connector is used to connect to FHIR servers and repositories.

Author: Fixed.

## Connecting with Epic EMR 

> In this example we will look into the steps how can we use the Client Connector to connect with the Epic EMR system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we will look into the steps how can we use the Client Connector to connect with the Epic FHIR sandbox. 
```

### Prerequisites
1. First we need to create Backend OAuth 2.0 App. To use the client_credentials OAuth 2.0 grant type to authorize the backend application's access to patient information we need 'Client ID' and the 'Public key'. 

    Let's create a Public Private Key Pair using OpenSSL. 

    Creating the private key
    ```
    openssl genrsa -out <path_to_key>/privatekey.pem 2048
    ```

    Creating the public key
    ```
    openssl req -new -x509 -key <path_to_key>/privatekey.pem -out <path_to_key>/publickey509.pem -subj '/CN=myapp'
    ```

2. Login to [EPIC FHIR](https://fhir.epic.com/) with your credentials. 

> 3. Navigate to 'Build Apps' tab to create an application. 

Reviewer: Let's link the epic documentation on creating apps

Author: Fixed.
